what's up everyone is 79 610 and today
we're going to be opening up a random
special edition for you guys today it's
going to be a return of the duelist
special edition yeah we've ready open up
one of these i know for a ram special
edition openings but you know I thought
we don't put up another one just because
because they're actually pretty cheap
see best way to open these is kind of
just destroy the box really the way they
make the new special edition boxes all
right let's see what card we get we got
a DG hyper librarian it's a good promo
gets us a little bit better Nelson
synchros people are starting you
synchros again so I guess I promo us a
little bit better alright we have three
packs so let's see what we get this is
where I'm going to probably get
prophecies and then yeah they really are
hit on the banned list and they're gonna
be worth anything I'm telling you guys
right now that's what's going to happen
alrighty maruka because whenever the
proceeds are worth a lot of money I
never got any so I have a feeling that
if they drew the argan a hit on the fan
lift you know we're still waiting for
100 confirmation at the time of this
video anyway then that will be the time
will have get them all out of packs all
right we have a sis hunter for rare or
we might not get a home come on last
pack save us get us a hollow part for
the special edition cuz I have all the
rares and comments from the set I need
more hollows right all right we have
gear gone to MK 11 and prophecy
destroyer well it's a hollow still it's
an ultra rare holo so you know what
that's better nothing even though it's
been in the tan and everything I still
do really like the art of this card it
doesn't look like a yugioh card looks
like mentioned the gathering I'll still
say but yeah we got a hollow so there we
go is better nothing to help you guys
have enjoyed this opening thank you for
watching and what special edition shall
we open next which one should I try to
get already but I think like five or six
special editions or the random one so
far but if there's any others you must
say in the future of course just tell me
and I'll
how to find them and we'll open them in
the future as well alright later guys